and so creationism is denying actual
creativity actual creativity is done by
people and it's inherently unpredictable
and so this is the weird thing about
creationism it denies actual creativity
what explains actual creativity two
things the theory of evolution by
natural selection neo-darwinism and and
papyrian epistemology the way in which
knowledge grows we understand neither
Theory perfectly well neither Theory are
we able to turn into a predictive Theory
such that we can program we can't we we
can't capture the algorithm for either
of these theories into a computer
program
so but we understand something there's a
whole bunch of people who deny Mio
Darwinism creationists and so on there's
a whole bunch of people who deny
papyrian epistemology as well or who
fail to understand either often I think
that's actually the case the
creationists just don't understand
neo-darwinism and people who deny
preparing epistle